Unknown word: relatable
She said what she found most relatable is that school still categorises people.

Unknown word: particles
As you near the lake's edge, the fierce wind whips across the plain and carries salt particles against your skin.

Unknown word: jihadis, informants
It takes us from Delhi to Kashmir, where India and Pakistan wage war around the Line of Control, turning inhabitants of perhaps the world's most beautiful valley into fugitives, jihadis, martyrs, informants and -- as in the woman who dies only after a bullet has passed through her daughter's skull into her heart -- victims. 

Unknown words: departs
But not far into the novel, the faint hint of Tales of the City departs.

Unknown words: 
Golap also blamed the students for the people sufferings and said the entire country has plunged into an acute crisis as drivers are not willing to ply their vehicles on the streets due to the movement.

Unknown words: uninteresting
In popular media, they are often cast as backward, stodgy, uninteresting.

Unknown words: unkempt
If left unkempt, I dread to think what negative impression it would give to visitors both foreign and local of the administration of justice

Unknown words: duckling, crèche
They may be enrollees in a sort of duckling day-care system called a crèche, David Rave, an area wildlife manager who oversees the Bemidji region for the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources, told the Times.
send a message to other would-be human rights abusers.

Unknown words: ablaze
Students set buses ablaze in Uttara as agitation spreads.

Unknown words: self-aware, narcissists, tempering, narcissism, retool, reflexes
This means self-aware narcissists who commit to tempering their narcissism through humility need to be realistic about the extra effort it'll take to retool their behavioral reflexes; they’ll also need to budget downtime for renewal.

Unknown words: heartwarming
The Argentine superstar has always been a humble hero, but his reaction to meeting Real Betis midfielder Andres Guardado's son is simply heartwarming.

Unknown words: condemnations
A flood of condemnations from civil rights groups and politicians from both major political parties spilled into Thursday, when state lawmakers spoke out on the Senate floor.

Unknown words: Fostering,readability,readable
Fostering readability requires an editor who wants to publish readable works and knows how to coach a writer.
A week's readings were a mix of books and journal articles that were drawn from a larger course reading list, or syllabus.

Unknown words: clicked
The candidate and interviewer clicked, the interviewer seemed enthusiastic, maybe a potential start date is even discussed. 

Unknown words: interaction, obsess
People analyze the smallest details of every interaction and obsess over what they might mean.

Unknown words: quixotic
As quixotic as Ryan's run may have been, he still yielded 63 votes to Pelosi's 134.

Unknown words: unforgettable, joyful
I have said it is unforgettable, special, fulfilling, wonderful, joyful.

Unknown words: mastery
To finally gain mastery over our inboxes we have to deal with the root causes and not just the symptoms that frequently flare up.

Unknown words: overeat
Filling your belly with water will naturally make you less likely to overeat.

Unknown words: dilate, constrict, synchrony
This describes how your pupils and the other person's dilate and constrict in synchrony.
 
Unknown words: fibrous
This fibrous number will keep you full and satisfied.

Unknown words: Pour
Pour milk onto said oats.


